WIP: PBS-to-Slurm adaptation (#306)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/access/nx_start_guide.rst

NoMachine NX Client Configuration
---------------------------------

NoMachine works smoothly with SSH agents, such as :ref:`Pageant <using Pageant>` 
for Windows users, and :ref:`Built-in SSH agent <SSH agent>` for Linux/Mac users.
As a result of that, users first need to authenticate themselves, using 
:ref:`Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) <mfa_leuven>` before being able to start a new 
NX session.
You may also refer to :ref:`MFA Quick Start Guide <mfa for nx>` for additional information.

1. Start the NoMachine client and press **Continue** till you see the screen
   listing your connections, titled **Machines**.

#. Press **Add** to create a new connection

#. In the **Addres** pane,

   #. choose a name for the connection, e.g., "genius"
   #. change the Protocol to **SSH**
   #. choose the hostname **nx.hpc.kuleuven.be** for Genius and port **22**

            .. note::

                This login node cannot be used to access the cluster from the terminal.   

#. In the **Configuration** pane

   #. choose **Use key-based authentication with a SSH agent**
   #. press **Modify** and select **Forward authentication**

#. Press **Connect**

> #. Your VSC username and passphrase will be automatically fetched from your SSH agent

Reviewer: I think it's more correct to say that your NX client fetches the key itself from your agent. And that agent is not storing your username; this is something that your NX client is caching itself. So when you're opening a connection for the first time (or asked NX to throw away cached settings), then NX will ask you for your VSC username as well.
```suggestion
#. If this is your first login via NX, you will need to enter your VSC username.
#. Your private key will be automatically fetched from your SSH agent.
```

Author: thanks for the text. I recycled yours.

#. If you are creating for the first time choose **Create a new virtual desktop**.

>    Otherwise please refer to the :ref:`section on how to reconnec to an NX session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Otherwise please refer to the :ref:`section on how to reconnect to an NX session
```
